ni
me
Ni
Yes I am Hello everybody bought
Well then Brooklyn Ne is today in that
A little a little relapse with this book Ranger was good the mistakes the other day
Because the New Year poodle was good with junky
I would like to make an nc plate in Brooklyn
It seems that there is quite a lot of things like that third in Brooklyn recently.
You
Well then first macaroni is the part that you want to fall into the sky and say you want to eat
Saat the nice macaroni in the pot
Hail only when it's ok now while you're boiling macaroni cucumber tomatoes
Data boiled egg corn weinner
I would like to cut the members of the sea into small pieces a little more finely.
Follow
Ah ah ah ah
Well, now the ingredients are ready to cut in their own size with a woman feel
Well , I'm ready for the ingredients so I will try to pack them in the bottle in order
Curved such heard something there
qc Tomoya Lee
I am looking at what
Well then olive oil hair in this bottle
Let me tell you a little lightly
Ah
Yes So your favorite dressing this for a moment because the finished packed total of something like this now
I would like to put Oite with a lid over
Good
Well then I did it like this now
Ah ah ah ah
I What do amazing Toka go out you have this it's really feel Do not say I Ocean
Let's try it
I do not know how to eat after the turn but how to eat
Ah
And softening do I Buwa to dish put the two schools dressing when I look at the other now net
It seems to eat like this
Fuffuffu cormorant Wow over
I'm trying to make a bagger and it 's a plate .
moon
First Nde had been carried out that onslaught Muchi' and salt old book Yeah
As the marker is set fairly firmly , so does the taste
Oh こ れ 奴 奴 奴 今日 勝 ち 勝 ち 米 タ ー ン タ ー ン や や や
What do various vegetables this steeped in taste in that 's condition Japan say with full take
It is delicious because it goes up too
Or a book to Toka Toka school Oekaki am eat at all delicious When you eat at first in this
I will
It was delicious a great quick and easy by Ttoiu
It was your formation customers
Yes, today in the thing to make a healthy salad by using a Brook Inn jar of this missed
It was a video I saw
Something a little amazing stylish because students only amount also your lunch also to carry all your storage
I can't make a sword handman If I think I can make a saga by myself
I thought it might be interesting
In addition to Mizugama user during 500
How about try to make at the seems in vogue to sell such flights of java now
Is not it
Thank you for watching in the channel registration comment highly appreciated thank you
Char Baibai Well then of
It feels like this healthy, but it is not the same after all if it eats so much
dee
eh